### Title
---

#### Preface
1. Another huge upside is that learning from first principles results in knowledge that is 
applicable way beyond Rust, and it will, in turn, make it easier to pick up asynchronous programming
 in other languages as well.
 
2. I want this book to feel like you’re joining me on a journey, where we build our knowledge topic
by topic and learn by creating examples and experiments along the way.

3. The book is perfect for those who like writing working examples they can pick apart, expand, and 
experiment with.

4. we go through several important and fundamental concepts about CPUs, operating systems, hardware,
 interrupts, and I/O.

5. Understanding OS-Backed Event Queues, System Calls, and Cross-Platform Abstractions, explains 
what epoll, kqueue, and IOCP are and how they differ.

6. This is exactly where hyper-threading comes in. It “simulates” two cores on the same core by 
using unused parts of the CPU to drive progress on thread 2 and simultaneously running the code on 
thread 1. It does this by using a number of smart tricks (such as the one with the ALU).

7. The performance gain of hyper-threading compared to multitasking in a single core seems to be 
somewhere close to 30% but it largely depends on the workload.

#### Chapter 1
1. As most know, the clock frequency of processors has been flat for a long time. Processors get 
faster by improving caches, branch prediction, and speculative execution, and by working on the 
processing pipelines of the processors, but the gains seem to be diminishing.

2. Multitasking two tasks
- Concurrency
Start1 -> Stop1 -> Start2 -> Stop2 -> Resume1 -> Stop1 -> Resume2 -> Stop2 -> Resume1 -> Finish1 ->
Resume2 -> Finish2
- Parallel
CORE1: Start1 ---> Finish1
CORE2: Start2 ---> Finish2

3. 
- Efficiency is the (often measurable) ability to avoid wasting materials, energy, effort, money, 
and time in doing something or in producing a desired result.
- Parallelism is increasing the resources we use to solve a task. It has nothing to do with 
efficiency.
- Concurrency has everything to do with efficiency and resource utilization. Concurrency can never
make one single task go faster. It can only help us utilize our resources better and thereby finish 
a set of tasks faster.

4. When we talk about concurrency without providing any other context, we are using you as a 
programmer and your code (your process) as the reference frame.

5. For the sake of this book, we’ll stick to this definition: asynchronous programming is the way a 
programming language or library abstracts over concurrent operations, and how we as users of a 
language or library use that abstraction to execute tasks concurrently.
