### Title
---

#### Chapter 1
1. As I mentioned, modern CPU architectures define some basic concepts by design. Some examples of 
this are as follows:
• Virtual memory
• Page table
• Page fault
• Exceptions
• Privilege level

2. Most modern CPUs have a **memory management unit** (MMU). This part of the CPU is often etched on
 the same dye, even. The MMU’s job is to translate the virtual address we use in our programs to a 
physical address.

3. At boot, the OS provided the CPU with **an interrupt descriptor table**. This table has a 
predefined format where the OS provides handlers for the predefined conditions the CPU can encounter
.

4. Code executed in ring 0 has almost unrestricted access to external devices and memory, and is 
free to change registers that provide security at the hardware level.

5. The code you write in ring 3 will typically have extremely restricted access to I/O and certain 
CPU registers (and instructions).

6. Registering events with the OS
This is handled in one of three ways:
- 1. We tell the operating system that we’re interested in Read events but we want to wait for it to
happen by yielding control over our thread to the OS. The OS then suspends our thread by storing the
 register state and switches to some other thread

*From our perspective, this will be blocking our thread until we have data to read.*
- 2. We tell the operating system that we’re interested in Read events but we just want a handle to
a task that we can poll to check whether the event is ready or not.

*The OS will not suspend our thread, so this will not block our code.*
- 3. We tell the operating system that we are probably going to be interested in many events, but
we want to subscribe to one event queue. When we poll this queue, it will block our thread until one
 or more events occur.

*This will block our thread while we wait for events to occur.*

7. A modern CPU has a set of interrupt request line (IRQs) for it to handle events that occur from
external devices. A CPU has a fixed set of interrupt lines.

A hardware interrupt is an electrical signal that can occur at any time. The CPU immediately 
interrupts its normal workflow to handle the interrupt by saving the state of its registers and 
looking up the interrupt handler. The interrupt handlers are defined in the interrupt descriptor 
table (IDT).

8. Interrupts
- Hardware interrupts
Hardware interrupts are created by sending an electrical signal through an IRQ. These hardware lines
signal the CPU directly.
- Software interrupts
These are interrupts issued from software instead of hardware. As in the case of a hardware
interrupt, the CPU jumps to the IDT and runs the handler for the specified interrupt.
